hi my name is Lena or dull and
I would like to tell today's video
you about your five most beloved
detectives but this is kiev i adore
childhood when in the country just for hours
sitting and reading Agatha Christie have been
sisters a huge number of books and who
then no read one book we immediately
changed to faster faster faster
as much as possible to read over the summer
and by detective I am still extremely
I cherish their pleasure
read with absolutely all sorts of
detectives to such that such
legal detectives
bloody horrible detectives like
trailers and just all sorts of funny
children's detectives, too, sometimes so
it happens to me it's time to drink
who have my favorite detectives despite
the fact that this top equally strong
I love all authors and works
which I will now name first
arthur conan doyle his sherlock holmes sherlock
Oms cause me just wild
quivering feelings because it
laid was one of the first such in
which I read as a child to me wildly
liked and even now with
pleasure courts are varied
indigenization
sherlock holmes i love soviet
shellac but also love a lot and
modern body and tina film adaptation
though sometimes I get the feeling that
the creators of the series just wanted to create
some new detective therefore had to
justify the creation of a new series
adaptation of works of arthur conan
doyle in the second place gets agate
Christie with almost everyone and
works with at least those
which I read but older
my favorite is the orient express
killing roger and the edge yes and and
met the mirror circle for them this i
also adore
according to my British film adaptation of novels
agate christie
especially those where the role of poirot plays
belgian in my actor david land
turn after all my favorite
John Grisch gets the third place
also with those works of him which
I already read my favorite on
the moment is the case
american women i'm just a mad fan of him
works
just mad fan of the adaptation of julie
Roberts by your publishing house I will reconsider
this film is just billions of times I can
revise it still all the same
billions of times and most likely I will
do it all the rest
life beyond that this facet is firm and
the last juror if you haven't read
Works hard krishna read
or if read advise me can
be i will discover anything else
new on fourth place is James
patterson is also an american writer
of detectives with the exchange of American corn
an asset which I really like a series of books
called women's club by
homicide investigation
these books have also been filmed
in the cinema and in the body format I am very
like the old old movie about the first
books from the series
and also in my 2009 came out
American TV series really closed it
after the first season but since then I
I will continue to review this season 3 times
because I really like and 5
exceptional place falls norwegian
the writer would have whose books and opened for
yourself just recently after going out
movie bounty hunter
This is one of one and a half books by this author.
which I read well I hope that
I will continue to open my new ones
works because as I recently
I realized I love Scandinavian
detectives because the authors write
incredibly interesting and film on it
take off so incredibly interesting a
screen version Kafka we notice it already
play a big role in my case
shaping my opinion work
hi i look a little different than
the beginning of this video is because the camera
the kenda of reasons decided the ending in its not
write it and understood it all only in
end editing process and how
usually talked about the fact that Elena
have you enjoyed this video so much
also asked to recommend to the
comments which thread and glad urns and
works because every month I
I decided using the site random.org to choose
one book to read
get out of your literary comfort
zones and expand your book
outlook please recommend
books and quite possibly more than a month
I will read exactly what they recommended.
you hope you enjoy this video and up
see you soon and prayed the world and